http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1351802-factorization/
Factorization: Engineering, Architecture, and Commerce


SERVOS
------
regarding actuators:
  We'll keep a "generic use actuator instruction", but we'll also add instructions for each actuator. Possibly multiple ones per actuator.
  some possibl esocket-tools:
    Launcher (dispenser)
    Rotor (fzds)
    Grasper (gravity gun; fzds for just one block? Eh....)
    Ball Lightning Gun

Lower barriers to entry for servos:
  Eliminate dependencies on ore processing:
    alternative aqua regia recipe (substitute blaze powder for nether powder? or maybe magma cream?)
      Maybe this shouldn't make aqua regia; but instead an acid that's compatible.
  Maybe we should see about flattening our mod in other areas as well.


IMMEDIATE (for next public release)
---------
we don't need to reload the keymapping anymore [probably already dealt with]
barrels getting rotated by other players doesn't redraw?
fzdocs:
    ore dictionary needs better handling:
        [DEALT WITH?] arrays of stuff need to be rendered nicely
        [DEALT WITH?] strings need to be converted to OD arrays if possible
servos:
    servo upgrading doesn't get synced to other players! (? how not?) Test it...
    test writing instructions


FZDocs! Yes!
    pretty up the doc's back button
    also have our history stack be List<Pair<Document, PageNumber>> instead of List<String>
    make sure the docs have all the info that other doc sources do

Pressurizer:
    blowentities doesn't sync properly when relogging?


[Tue Apr 01 23:09:52 PDT 2014] We really do need to be able to click on the shuffling items...


[prooobably fixed. Yep. Definitely.] (It does now?) servos not syncing stacks to players holding LMPs like they should...
more creative tabs?


FZDOCS
------
Add stuff to document to this list!
well, what are the new instructions?
    set stack
    color
    item shifter control


SOON
----
[Tue Apr 01 23:19:40 PDT 2014] colorizing servos
items getting messed up w/ enchants; item rendering in general:
    battery renders wonky w/ enchants in front
    servo rail
    (May just be 1.7.2; could be fixed in 1.7.5?)
servos:
  refactor tool
    click once, then click a direction to move instructions... or something. Hmm.
    Maybe click to make a path? Too complicated.
    If you've got like forking and branches or stuff, you'll have to start at the end and work back.
  <digitalseraphim> is there a way to clear out error messages from the black stack yet?
pocket crafting table, clicking 1-item-at-a-time for the craft output, seems laggy. Are we over-syncing?
split up FactorizationClientProxy
Add pressure generator:
    - is an inventoryless mixer. Might also blow around chest contents? :D
    - It doesn't need an inventory behind it. But if there *is* an inventory behind it, it will move items into/outof that inventory.
    - two instructions: suck/blow and high/medium/low
    - change socket tool placement. First click w/ a motor; then click w/ the original socket thingie.
    Tell me more about using the fan as a mixer.
        Uses the inventory in front of it as the base inventory for the mixer; then it spits mixed stuff out the back.
        How does it deal with its configuration options?
            Suck/blow changes nothing, it will still output to the back. OR it only works in suck mode. (Incidentally, suck mode will probably be the default mode?)
            The speed setting will make it work faster.
    - It also works on fluids.
        If there is a liquid 'source' (either a TE providing a liquid, or a source block that we can handle) avail, then we push it in the appropriate direction. 
        pushes about 7*speed blocks away, and 3*speed blocks up.
        What about the filling algorithm? A pain, eh? Just something kinda randomish maybe?
    - Oh, also, it can get power from steam. (Well, any hot gas.)
An upgraded bonemeal. Acts as bonemeal, & schedules a block tick even if the bonemeal'd thing isn't bonemealable. 2 bonemeal + 4 nether wart -> 2 Nether Bone Meal. "It's Super-Effective!"
Check for calls we make to Tessellator.setBrightness. We may be able to replace them with a BlockRenderHelper helper function.
barrels need to redraw when the resource pack changes

BEFORE 0.9
----------
Complete the in-game documentation:
    - The '?' key should bring up help for an item, if you've got the docbook in your inventory. Hopefully it'd work with the NEI sidebar as well.
    - Possibly pictures? I might not need pictures tho.
    - Support for WWW links.
    - Demonstrations, with interactive diagrams; sort of reminiscent of the MC wiki stuff for redstone contraptions. They should render a world, and you can click and drag to rotate the view. If you're in creative mode, you should be able to press a button, labelled "import" possibly, to place it down.
    

WITH 0.9.0
----------
Back to FZDS


LESS SOON
---------
Check if dark iron retrogen works?
compression crafter; items that don't get used up (liiike LMP's) stay in the world?
    and also put in a temp recipe that uses wires; test that the CompACT doesn't destroy them
    crafting recipes that use the battery block?

AFTER 1.7 PORT
--------------
open sourcing the mod; get stuff ready for that. What needs to happen? Probably after porting to 1.7
  FZ has been packagized; now turn the packages into sub-modules.
  ack for TODO/XXX/FIXME
  start a dev blog; maybe at this time?
Thaumcraft Compat:
  thaumcraft wood barrels?
  SoundLogic thaumcraft aspects
  Remember to wrap mod compat module calls in try/catch!
Exchange Bag of Holding for just... free inventory space.
make leyden jars narrower. The purpose of this is to improve their proportions.


UNTRIAGED
---------
can we move the position the servo renders at back? So that it can look like it's turning at a better place...
show what instruction is being hilighted in big?
/f entityrendertoggle; forgetTEs; forgetEnts
do maths on energy conversion:
  food to steam; we might even be able to do the heater thing? I suppose we COULD just blacklist boilers for furnace heaters...
  steam to charge to furnace-ing
  heaters: adding fuel should be cheap; progress not so much. Make 1 heater give 1 fuel instead of 2
  (And we still need cooking food to be worthwhile!)
LMP store instructions... Like a bag or a backpack
  - maybe let you merge instructions together? But then middle clicking.
Church Organ
instructions mess up servo rail tessellator shading?
add an LMP instruction (recipe may be difficult!). Clicks the instruction with an LMP.
wires get messed up?
pressure gen on servo holding bucket pumps out the servo's bucket?
Eclipse errors/warnings: enable annotation-based null analysis
Check for sending packet to players watching a chunk; probably doing it the lame way, use an AT for the non-lame way.




NEVER/POSTPONED
---------------
fix shading of faces of blocks that are in barrels; research if such a fix is possible
lightning should power our stuff; even if you can't make lightning rods... -- would require watching *every* entity that gets spawned
/f for music?
light shining through our blocks; barrels. I don't think we can actually fix this?


LESS TOP LIST
-------------
FML has code to disable mods now; can use it for FZDS...
"Puff Blocks": 9 feathers; it's the building block helper thingie
Notify is using FZ net code
clean up texture error messages (unused textures)
config files for disabling barrel types
test parasieves + comparators + recursion depth. Somehow.
localize ALL THE THINGS
I wonder if the bug hopper has any interesting crashlogs!
  - Oh yay the bug hopper is no longer running!
localize barrel types (There's a ton of other things what need to be localized, y'know...)
leyden jars & batteries should overcharge slightly so that they can drop exactly 100%-charged stuff
hopping barrels could be optimized if they're moving something above them to below them!
★★★Talk to RLP about monetization plan★★★
underground silver temples/vaults. With moon lamps? :D
onInventoryUpdate all the TEs
can't glaze a sculpture cloned from an already glazed sculpture
change raw glaze colors to their real colors
either bats are spawning in the hammer dimension, or we're getting entity updates that we shouldn't be
having more boilers/mirrors seems to give you more steam somehow
notification system upgrade:
  extra controls for clearing up other notifications: get rid of nearby messages (barrels), start fading the message away as soon as it shows up (energy measurements), remove any messages that have the same typename as this one, leave the message up for # seconds
  being able to group messages together might be nice; so you could do "clear tutorialMessages".
Modularize FZ/astro so that astro has no deps & can be removed for public release
Config option for ore processing output
IMC for adding new Ores to the Ore Processing chain?
configuration method for adding ores?
Placing/breaking wrath lamp in hammerspace seems to cause the client to crap its pants
Don't keep non-weak references to worlds ("MapMaker.weakKeys().buildMap()") except in Entity/TileEntity
register ore blocks
compression crafter notification showing a bunch of ==='s? o_O
To kill NEI's shift-? cheat: clear out RecipeInfo.overlayMap... or something.  Hmm....
  Might want to just remove instances whose class = DefaultOverlayHandler or BrewingOverlayHandler.
http://jezek2.advel.cz/tmp/jstackalloc/javadoc/
richardG suggests doing world.blockExists to prevent orphaning chunks:
  new socket stufff....
  hopping barrels that are sideways
glowing glazes
compression crafter; items that don't get used up (liiike LMP's) stay in the world?
    and also put in a temp recipe that uses wires; test that the CompACT doesn't destroy them
Maybe lacerator recipes in the macerator?
Coocoo clock? :D
axle thing on the motor when it's by itself in a socket



[Low-Priority Bugs]
our TEs could do that crazy thermex optimization thing; some function that gets called before onUpdate. But we have to make sure that we aren't cheating anywhere. It's TileEntity.hasWorldObj(); no inherent issues with overriding, except what we make. So check them.
do block breaking animations properly (after 1.3). Look at src/minecraft/net/minecraft/src/RenderGlobal.java +1569 renderWorld()

[Features]
Redstone signal on furnace heaters
right-clicking a barrel with a tool could put stuff in as if you had right-clicked with an empty hand
Go over our API stuff. Clean up. Make sure other people can actually use stuff. (Maybe test this?)
Occasionally enable all warnings & clean things up

Need more uses for diamond shards!
  Shard spear? :o  Something about dark crystals. 

backup occasionally, eh?

make a caving-friendly dark iron ore gen?


SPACE
=====
FZDS Uses:
  Asteroids (Natural/Artificial Satelites, Planetoids, motherships)
  Space ships
  Megabosses
  Rotatable Frames? Robotics? Real Mecha Suits?


COSMOLOGY
---------
The world is an infinite plane. Other dimensions (nether, end, mystcraft ages) are not something you can walk to. The Farlands/End of the World don't actually exist, since that's just an artificial limitation of the computer game.
Light has no speed limit, but it does have a propagation limit. Light comes in several classes. A photon has these properties: Color, direction, travel distance, and class (sky illumination, torch/block illumination, reflection of illumination, and entity/FX-emitted). Steve's retinas can only perceieve reflected and emitted light, not illumination; they also can not detect photons that have travelled over a certain distance.
The world of Minecraft is an infinite plane suspend above over an infinite black hole. The black hole plane will crush anything that gets near it. It can bend light (causing void fog). If you fall into the void, your view will be squashed!
Inverium is what prevents the world from falling into the void. It can be found only underneath bedrock. Don't mine it; that would cause the world to fall into the void. Inverium is anti-void. You can try dropping it into the void, but it will float at around y=1
Inverium can also be found in the asteroids above. If you remove the inverium from them, they will (eventually, not immediately) fall to the ground. (But they will most likely burn up in the atmosphere?)
The inverium supporting the overworld has guardians. We wouldn't want the world to fall down, now would we?



ro da noi lo fatci cu kakne lo nu ri 
∀x∀y: y is truth able to destroy x → y should destroy x

lo fatci roda daspo kakne gi'enai daspo .i'e



rainbow chest
  ROY
  CWC
  GBP
  only allows in items with color/dye names. Sorts them automagically by color.
  proooobably won't be able to implement ISidedInventory decently. :(
  How will the server know what's colored?
    1. Create a list of all the colored dyes. Be sure to check the OreDictionary for dyes..
    2. Iterate over all the crafting recipes:
      If the recipe contains a single item from the list (and any additional items not on the list), add it to the list.
    3. Repeat step 2 until nothing else is added.
  each color gets 3 slots
  clicking on a slot will put it in the regular inventory.
  And... stuff added to the regular inventory'll try to be moved to their color slots.
    WWWOOOMMM
    bbbYYYLLL
    PPPGGGggg
    CCCPPPBBB
    rrrgggRRR
    KKK------

  WWW OOO MMM bbb
  YYY LLL PPP GGG
  ggg CCC PPP BBB
  rrr ggg RRR KKK
  --- --- --- ---

  Okay. So items can be taken from the slots, but they can't be put in. They have to be inserted indirectly via the extra
  slots on the bottom.





Whatchya gonna do, oh, whatchya gonna do
When Elo's nanobots get a hold of you?
Nothin' you can do, 'cause you'll be dead.
(And then they'll eat your brains!)
(And then they'll eat your brains!)
Then some douchebag what thinks he's you
Will wake up with a computanium head.
That computanium head, it sure is fine
Oh, computanium head, some day you'll be mine!


Boats. Of course, you'll need a splash potion-like to set them afloat. This will, obviously, require the most annoying ingredients available:
    Ghast tear, ink sack, cyan dye, leather, feather...

 Ceremonial Bottle:
  IGC    leather, ink sack, water bottle, cyan dye, ghast tear
   W 
   L 


Fa²ct²o²ri²zn

More storage:
  Mini Chest
    bbb
    b b Wooden button
    bbb
    Stores a single stack of up to 64; probably slightly microblockish, could place up to 3x3 next to eachother? Maybe 2x2, less primes

  Gloria Chests:
    (Think zelda. Yes, zelda. And also Super-Hostile.)


Moderator:
  prevents you from using items based on their package? Probably voids them from your inventory as well.

Invasive charge'd be nice (lets you transmit charge through metal blocks)

When we get to doing sound:
  Overwrite TileEntityNoteBlock (& NoteBlock may be necessary as well)
  Shift-clicking tunes down
  Putting a white/gray/light gray/black wool block over the note dampens the sound (and continues searching upward for...)
  Blocks of metal.
  silver, stakced up:
    1 block gives a bell
    2 gives a weaker organ (or maybe a flute noise?)
    3 gives a stronger organ
    4 gives an awesome organ
    5 gives an epic organ
  gold: a cymbal; would make sense for wider platforms of gold to make different pitches or something?
  dark iron: a cool mournful saw noise
  water: sine wave
  lava: square wave
  iron: saw wave (cactus'd make sense, but isn't actually possible :p)
  lapis block: ocarina
  another note block (maybe? the actual noteblock might interfere): something synthesizy
  obsidian: something brittle?


Chaos orbs:
  toss one. They cause some sort of crazy semi-scripted event. The endermen sell them. "1 cup of Chaos, scooped from beyond the edge of all Shadow"
    array of Object[], +Integer = noteblock, -Integer = timed delay; spawn vexian mob stacks

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Astra_(weapon)

History speaks of "World Holes" as terrifying patches of void that ripped away entire chunks of land. Nowdays, world holes have been mostly tamed for practical use.


Some new stuff:
    Cushions. Simple entities. "I can sit anywhere!"
        Position snapping. This may be more difficult. But you ought to be able to place them on stairs & sculptures.
    Block... extender/retracter thingie.
        If an item enters it, it gets pushed in front of it.
        When it receives a redstone signal, it breaks a block and outputs it behind it?
            Like a block breaker? Erm. Hrm. Mmmm. Hmm.
        Maybe we should just add frame motors?

So, yeah. Frame motors. Vehicles. These will all have the same way of determining what is connected. 
    The block material. Yes.
    ...or something like that.
    Contiguous sets of iron blocks should connect.
    Contiguous sets of wooden materials should connect.
Yes, we use FZDS for all of them.
We might say this:
    Movement can only be 1 operation at a time.
    Only one velocity axis can be non-zero for XYZ translation + rotation.
    Additionally, it should snap to the nearest block after each translation.
    And rotations are limited to 90° turns.

So, the things:
    Frame Motors. ;_;
    ...and Frame Rotors. x_x
    Grabber Socket Part
        (Doesn't move what it's grabbed precisely tho? This can not cope with the limits set above. Or we could just, like... go with it. Maybe cause some trouble if there's a collision at each onBlockEnter)
    Wheels?
    Nebula Balloons
    Propellers. Weeeelllll....

camo/mutation blocks: when it gets drawn, iterates through the tessellator & replaces textures with other textures

Building Tools
    Building tool: The snapshot
        When you activate it, it starts recording each block you place.
        If you revert to the snapshot, then it breaks each block you've placed and puts the drops into your inventory

    The finglonger. Mmmm.
    Something that lets you place multiple blocks stacked ontop of eachother
        Auto-extender. Shift click on a side to set which side gets extended.
        So, we're going to have a general concept of a 'pallete'. This might be a silky barrel? Or it could be an external chest...
        The auto-extender can be stacked up to, saaaay, 24 items or so.
        The stack size of the extender is how many times the block will be stacked up.
        So, yes, shift-clicking the side of a block will specify which direction the blocks get extended.
    Palettes.
        (Maybe not the best name for this.)
    Paying for this stuff:
        Okay. We'll have two currencies:
            Novelty/breadth: Each new bucket type gives at least 1 unit of this currency.
                - Certain items can be graded different qualities... trivial/easy/medium/difficult/epic
                - There'll be IMC to classify the epicness of various items
                - The payoff can only happen once.
            Repetition/consistency: 
                - Items can be submitted multiple times.
                - There'll be an "Attack/Sustain/Decay" model
                    - Higher epiclevels give a longer sustain
                    - Trivial & Easy levels have no attack ramp-up
    
    You can insta-break the last three blocks you've placed. If a block is broken in this manner, it goes directly into your inventory.
    Some sort of eyeball/cameray thing. You click it, and it saves your camera orientation. If you press F5, the camera'll render from the saved location. (In addition to the other things you can cycle through, I guess? Or it could overwrite one of them.) Something something super mario 64 camera lakatus.
    You can swap out stairs/upsidedownstairs/top-slabs/bottom-slabs/full blocks (that have the same texture/material) with some sort of tool.
    ways to mark/hilight blocks; lines/tape measures (fishing rod tape measure?)...
    In ender-civilized areas you can find bits of paper. When you click them, it says "you discover that $(whatever)", and it disappears. Doing this is not actually necessary to use the thing, tho.


DATA HELPER CHANGES
-------------------
abstract DataPutter
    ⬚ put⬚(⬚ val) throws IOException;
DataPassthrough extends DataPutter
    ⬚ put⬚(⬚ val) throws IOException { return val; }
DataHelper extends DataPutter
    public DataPutter as(ShareTarget share, String name) {
        if (!dataPurpose.isCompatible(share)) return DataPassthrough.INSTANCE;
        this.name = name;
        return this;
    }
    
DataAbstractIn extends DataHelper
DataAbstractOut extends DataHelper

DataPurpose {
    DISK_SERIALIZE() {
        @Override
        public boolean isCompatible(ShareTarget share) {
            return !share.is_transient;
        }
    },
    PUBLIC_PACKETS() { ... },
    SEND_HIDDEN_INFO() { ... },
    CLIENT_EDIT() { ... },
    
    
}


TWO DECORATIVE ENTITIES
-----------------------
Seat
    C   Carpet, slime ball, pressure plate
    o
    -
    It's an entity. Click on it to sit on it. Snaps to 1/4s block, not whole blocks

    “/I can sit *anywhere*!/”

Item Holder
    B   Button, Slime
    S
    It's pretty much an item frame. Barrel-esque interface. Only holds one item, of course.
    It might come in small, medium, and large varieties? This would definitely be useful, but I'm not sure...
    maybe we only have 1 variety, but sculpting tools can adjust it.


ABSTRACT FACTORY
----------------
(Maybe rename it to "Abstract Optimizer")
You build a large box out of a suitably black material. ("Containment Cubes")
Inside it, you make a factory.
There are two other blocks: the Input block, and the Output block.
The player right clicks a Contaiment Cube to attempt to seal it:
    Starting at the clicked block, iteratively go Down/West/South. (But no more than, say, 24 times each direction)
    We'll end up at a corner.
    Make sure there's nothing to the Down/West/South; otherwise this isn't really a corner and the structure is weird.
    Extend feelers Up, East, and North, that'll give us the dimensions.
    Ensure that there's a rectangular prism shell without any holes
    verifyWhitelist()
important point: TEs will need to have things like their power level/progress reset. full caliometric burners; almost-complete crystallizers... basically all the whitelisted TEs'll need an interface or something, for resetting this kind of state. Should look at Buildcraft APIs?
A new TE is created in the Factory Barrier that was clicked on to store various progress info
The volume is serialized & stored in the master TE, and the contents are deleted.
    Note: don't copy blocks that have isAir()
The factory is loaded into an FZDS area, and getMaterialsInVolume is run on it, and those materials are stored in the master TE. The material-counting volume is removed. This happens without any intervening ticks.
Three copies of the original volume are pasted in FZDS, as FZDS entities in the now-transparent Abstract Factory
The sealing walls become transparent. (They probably continue to collide tho.)
A shader is used to make things render desaturated. Each copy renders tinted to an RGB, probably 80% opaque
The factories are allowed to exist, need a chunkloader in the 3 copies & the master TE while they run.
When an Output Block gets a redstone signal, getMaterialsinVolume is run on that instance & the result sent to the master TE.
    The user can cancel the process at this point, eg if the factory gets stuck.
    If so, then the original factory is deserialized from the master.
When all three are complete, Abstract Factory becomes opaque.
The output lists are examined:
    (Not sure how to merge them. The problem is that there's randomness & stuff, eg from crystallizers or growing trees...)
    (Let's pretend that we only have 1 list for now; we might be able to merge them somehow by taking averages? But rounding to 0!)
    We have the 'input materials' and the 'output materials'. These include the machines. The intersection of the two sets are the machines.
If something has failed somehow, we reload the factory into the volume, and if we were given input materials, those materials are returned.
    





getMaterialsInVolume(FZDS volume):
    Every block in the volume is deconstructed, and the materials necessary for building it added to a list.
    (Note: barrels. Prolly gonna need to use jumbo-sized stacks)
    The volume is cleared, emptied, and ddeallocated
    This returns a list of the obtained materials.
evaluateFactory(serialized volume):
    The input block emits a redstone pulse.
    The factory must start running.
    When it is complete, it sends a pulse to the output block.

verifyWhitelist(volume (two Coords)):
    Need to check:
        Blocks (Maybe. TE-less blocks miiight be safe. Ish. Erm. And there are a lot of blocks that are merely decorative.)
        Entity Classes
        Item Entities contents
        IInventory contents
        TileEntity classes
        TileEntity contents

"Abstract Factory explicitly rejects any component that uses, enables, requires, or resembles: time travel; teleportation; inter-dimensional discontinuities; breaking the fourth wall (or higher); Zoltan shielding; root privileges; practical solipsism; the Logrus; non-conservation of mass and/or energy; breaking out of the Universe; unfettered access to the Internet; the Spice; Ontological loopholes; the narative principle; blatant magic (including the Force); worm holes; anything involving the word 'singularity'; anti-matter; dark matter; white matter; red matter; infinite nesting; cheating; applied improbability; the Principle of Explosion; Māyā; Dust Theory; the Dust; 'special magic dust'; space worm parasitic super-powers; gauge asymmetry; Turing Oracles; the Axiom of Choice; cosmic string weaving; munchkinism; rewriting the structure of reality; or faster-than-light signalling. Nanotech is OK tho."

doing I/O to the factory:
    There's an Input and an Output port block; these go in the walls.
    place a chest on the inner & outter sides of each IO port.




The Stuff Chest from the Year 2329
==================================
ECE Ender chest, normal Chest
CEC Alternatively, solid 3x3 of enderchests.
ECE


Like an ender chest, but way bigger, and searchable.

Each chest is bound to the player who placed it down.
Does *NOT* do I/O. (Would *definitely* need a config setting tho.)
Publically accessible. (Also a config setting... Maybe the config setting makes it anonymousish like vanilla's enderchest.)

GUI either says "My Stuff" or "$PLAYERNAME's Stuff"



Star Kindling
=============
 - A barrel of nebula; doesn't have to be full. But the # of stacks is important.
 - Surounded by some number of layers of nebula. (Apparently it'll kinda layer sorta like snow does? Except in colors or something.)
 - Surounded by a shell of iron or dark iron blocks.
 - Make a hole in the iron shell, above the barrel. Light some TNT, repair the hole, and run.



THEIR civilization is far, far older than yours, built on technology alien and inscrutable.
The enderman is THEIR long-forgotten primate cousin.
Only THEIR litter remains on Earth;
THEY made THEIR home a vast network spanning the voids between the ever-burning stars.
And THEY are eager to begin mutually beneficial economic transactions.


